Updating ORA2 documentation (#1495)
edx/edx-ora2: docs/developers_guide.rst

ORA2 Developer Guide
====================

.. contents::

Where is the code
-----------------
ORA is broken into two separate repositories:

- `edx-ora2 <https://github.com/edx/edx-ora2>`_

- `edx-submissions <https://github.com/edx/edx-submissions>`_

Using ORA with docker devstack
------------------------------

> Note - "from inside the lms", means you've run 'make lms-shell' from the devstack directory and are on a command prompt inside the lms container.

Reviewer: Make this render as code.

```suggestion
Note - "from inside the lms", means you've run ``make lms-shell`` from the devstack directory and are on a command prompt inside the lms container.
```

1. Clone edx-ora2 repo into ../src/ directory (relative to your 'devstack' repo location). 

2. From the src directory, run the following command to install ora2 in the lms's and studio's virtual environments:

>  ``make install-local-ora``

Reviewer: This is improperly indented to show as a code block

Alternatively, one can log into either lms (``make lms-shell``) or studio (``make studio-shell``) and execute the following commands to uninstall ora2 and reinstall your local copy;
 

>  ``pip uninstall ora2 -y; pip install -e /edx/src/edx-ora2/``

Reviewer: This is improperly indented to show as a code block

- ``make install``
- ensure that your virtual environment is named **edx-ora2**. Using a different name will cause errors when trying to generate translations.

4. Now, in the devstack directory on your host, run:
``make lms-restart lms-logs``

5. That's it, you're good to go! See Makefile for all the available commands, most are fairly self-explanatory
In order to simulate a given tox environment (django18, django111, quality, js), run tox -e <env> for the env in question (after re-activating your edx-ora2 virtual environment).
Usually, you can just run the underlying make commands for quicker tests, as requirements aren't re-installed.

Working with submission dependencies
------------------------------------
ORA code also depends on edx-submissions. As a result, anytime a new version of edx-submissions is released, ORA code must be updated as follows.

For devstack:

- ``make lms-shell``   # get into docker container

- ``cd /edx/src/edx-ora2`` # goto into ora2 folder

- ``source edx-ora2/bin/activate`` # activate ora2 virtual environment

- ``pip install -U edx-submissions`` # installs latest version of submissions from pypi

          OR
          

> - ``pip install -e /edx/src/edx-submissions`` # istalls local version of submissions

Reviewer: Just a note that this renders strangely in GitHub's preview. Consider reformatting.
